(rhythmic instrumental music)
Welcome to the complete
personal finance course, and thank you.
Please, ask me as many questions as you want to during
and after you take this course because I am here
24 hours a day, seven days a week forever to humbly help.
So by the end of this course you will be armed
with many tools that will help you accomplish three goals.
Number one, save more money.
Number two, protect more money.
And number three, make more money.
So this is actually three courses in one.
And there's many exercises in this course,
most of which are in the following spreadsheet
that is attached to this lecture,
which is called the complete personal finance dashboard.
And it's in Excel format, of course.
The purpose of every exercise in this course
is to either help you save more money,
protect your money, or make more money.
And so this course contains no theory.
It's actually based on my work experience,
as I've managed over a billion dollars in my career.
I've also worked for, met with,
and partnered with many billionaires in my career.
I'm certainly not one of them.
And I will share their secrets,
and their best practices with you in order
to humbly help you save, protect, and make more money.
Now, before I worked on Wall Street
at Goldman Sachs, and at a top hedge fund,
and in the venture capital industry,
I used to be a programmer focused on making programs
for the financial services sector
when I worked in tech consulting at Accenture.
And I mention this as I created your attached
complete personal finance dashboard Excel spreadsheet
based on my experience working in the technology sector.
Now, I was actually also a beta tester
for Microsoft on their financial products
in the 1990s, I'm dating myself there.
As such, in this course I will teach you based
on my cumulative experiences, and make it very easy
for you to save, protect, and make more money.
You don't need to have any experience
with Excel or in finance at all to complete this course.
I also want to stress that I made the concepts
in this course generic enough, and helpful enough,
regardless of what country you live in.
This is not a US only course, okay,
this is meant to be used in every country in the world.
And the advice is generic enough to be applied globally.
Okay, so it's important for me to stress that,
as I have students in 195 countries.
Also, tax codes and finance laws change all the time,
but the general concept of personal finance does not.
And it's similar in every single country.
As such, this course will help
you understand everything you need to know
about personal finance from a high level perspective,
regardless of what country you live in.
The concepts of saving, protecting,
and growing money, and compound interest,
and minimizing expenses are universal.
And this will be a lot of fun in this course, so you'll see.
So I've worked and filed taxes,
and set up retirement accounts,
et cetera, in several different countries.
Now, there's well over 100 tips on how
to save much more money in this course.
And if you end up using just one, two,
or three of these 100 save money tips,
then this course has paid for itself over many, many times.
Many companies, I have to stress, try to take as much money
as they can from you through hidden fees and marketing.
And you'll be amazed at how much of your hard-earned money
that you are giving up without even knowing
about it through all these hidden fees.
I want to make sure that this does not happen to you.
Also, everybody has a bias when it comes to money.
Anybody on TV that you see talking about stocks has a bias
because they want you to buy that stock.
Or they're a CEO of a company,
and they're supporting their stock.
So in this course, we're gonna tune out the noise and focus
on how to save money, and also how to protect money.
And you'll be amazed at the power
of compound interest, and the future value of money.
And just how easy it is to protect your hard-earned money,
and make it grow very, very quickly over time.
And in the next lecture, we're gonna discuss how to use
your attached personal finance Excel dashboard file,
and how we can customize this to work
in every single country in the world, if applicable.
As a side note, towards the end
of this course, in this section right here,
I will teach you how to create and customize
the Excel dashboard file included in this course.
In case you wanted to further customize it,
so it can help you save, protect, and make more money.
And I promise you that by the end
of this comprehensive course you'll be much more confident
in your abilities to save, protect, and make money.
So thanks a lot for your commitment
to this journey that we will take together.
And please know, again, that I am here 24 hours a day,
seven days a week, during and after you complete the course
to help you save, protect, and make your money work for you.
Let's begin.